fix(book): Correct type parameter naming convention to pascal case (#79)
mainmatter/100-exercises-to-learn-rust: book/src/04_traits/05_trait_bounds.md

It is actually **desirable** to use meaningful names when there are multiple type parameters at play or when the name
`T` doesn't convey enough information about the type's role in the function.
Maximize clarity and readability when naming type parameters, just as you would with variables or function parameters.

> Follow Rust's conventions though: use pascal case for type parameter names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow Rust's conventions, though: use [upper camel case for type parameter names](https://rust-lang.github.io/api-guidelines/naming.html#casing-conforms-to-rfc-430-c-case).
```
